Added Cancellation subscription QFC (#360)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/get-started/tutorials/get-started-qfc.en.md

All pricing information is available <a href="https://qfield.cloud/pricing" target="_blank">on the Pricing page</a>.

### Discontinuing Services in QFieldCloud

> 1. **For Pro Plan Accounts**, click on your username, choose "Settings." **For Organization plan**, click on the name of the Organization (you have to be the owner), click on "Edit Organization".![Enter to setting](../../assets/images/discontinuing_service_01_enter_to_setting.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you need to cancel your subscription on QFieldCloud:
1.1.) For **Pro** plan accounts, click on your username, choose "Settings."
1.2) For **Organization** plan account, click on the name of your Organization, click on "Edit Organization". Note you need to be owner of that Organization.

![Enter to setting](../../assets/images/discontinuing_service_01_enter_to_setting.png)
```
